# Full Mission Simulator for Pilot Training

Picante is a Java implementation of the core functionality of NAIF SPICE. PSim-RCAM - Python Simulation Research Civil Aircraft Model. Extensible Modeling and Simulation Framework (XMSF) using Web Services. AI system simulating a CCA OODA cycle. General Mission Analysis Tool. Orbiter is a spaceflight simulator. AeroPython is a classical aerodynamics of potential flow. Adamant is a framework that enables the efficient design, deployment, and testing of real-time embedded software. The A32NX and A380X Projects are community-driven projects. Flight dynamics library for Modelica. AirSim is an advanced simulation platform. AutonomySim is a high-fidelity, photorealistic simulator. QPlane is a fixed wing flight simulation environment. VGL is an open source and cross platform aeromechanics in .NET. Python Flight Mechanics Engine, a tool for simulating aircraft dynamics. Opentrack is a program for tracking user head rotation and transmitting it to flight simulation software. BlueSky is a software tool for fast, real-time simulation of air traffic. Albatross Display is an open source Air Traffic Controller environment. OpenTMS ATMS is a data-driven decision support system and platform-independent advanced traffic management system. OpenEaagles is a "multi-platform simulation platform designed to help engineers and software developers rapidly prototype and build robust, scalable, virtual and constructive, and stand-alone and distributed simulation applications". Simulation and analysis tools for autonomous F-16 maneuvers as a V&V benchmark. A high-fidelity 6dof dynamic model of fighter F16 based on NASA aerodynamics data. The Core Flight System (cFS) is a reusable, mission-independent flight software package consisting of an Operating System Abstraction Layer (OSAL), a Platform Support Package (PSP), the Central Flight Executive (cFE), cFS libraries, and cFS applications. F´ (F Prime) is a component-driven framework that enables rapid development and deployment of spaceflight

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

